[Text Analytics] Update changelog for 5.1.0-beta.3 release (#12663)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/textanalytics/ai-text-analytics/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 5.1.0-beta.3 (2020-11-23)

- We are now targeting the service's v3.1-preview.3 API as the default instead of v3.1-preview.2.
- We introduced the `beginAnalyze` API which supports long-running batch process of Named Entity Recognition, Personally identifiable Information, and Key Phrase Extraction.

> - We now have added support for the recognition of healthcare entities with the introduction of the `beginAnalyzeHealthcare` API. Since the Health API is currently only available in a gated preview, you need to have your subscription on the service's allow list. Note that since this is a gated preview, AAD is not supported. More information (here)[https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/text-analytics/how-tos/text-analytics-for-health?tabs=ner#request-access-to-the-public-preview].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We now have added support for the recognition of healthcare entities with the introduction of the `beginAnalyzeHealthcare` API. Since the Health API is currently only available in a gated preview, you need to have your subscription on the service's allow list. Note that since this is a gated preview, AAD is not supported. For more information, see (the Text Analytics for Health documentation)[https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/text-analytics/how-tos/text-analytics-for-health?tabs=ner#request-access-to-the-public-preview].
```

This is an accessibility suggestion. It's better for links to be descriptive nouns/phrases instead of blank adverbs like "here", since a lot of tools including screen-readers assume that link text has some significance on its own. This is something I've recently been turned on to looking for, and if you can help me find stuff like this in other reviews as well, it would be greatly appreciated.
